1. Information is
	B. processed data

2. Data by itself is not useful unless
   B. It is processed to obtain information
   
3. Strategic information is needed for
   C. Long range planning
   
4. Strategic information is required by
   C. Top managers

5. Tactical information is needed for
   A. Short range planning

6. Tactical information is required by
   A. Middle managers
   
7. Operational information is needed for
   A. Day to day operations
   
8. Operational information is required by
   B. Line managers

9. In motor car manufacturing the following type of information is strategic:
   A. Decision on introducing a new model
   
10. In motor car manufacturing the following type of information is operational:
    B. Scheduling production

11. In motor car manufacturing the following type of information is tactical:
	D. Computing sales tax collected.

12. In a hospital information system the following type of information is tactical:
    B. Data on births and deaths

13. In a hospital information system the following type of information is operational:
    C. Preparing patients' bill

14. In a hospital information system the following type of information is strategic:
    A. Opening a new children's ward

15. An information system that supports the planning and assessment needs of executive management is
    C. ERP

16. Management information systems (MIS)
	A. create and share documents that support day-to-day office activities

17. Decision support systems are essential for
    C. Top-level strategic decision making

18. What are the 3 levels at which information can be used?
    D. Strategic, Tactical, and Operational

19. Which group of people would be most likely to use operational information and planning in a large organisation?
    C. Foremen

20. What timescale would be involved in operational information?
    B. Daily






